Grok,

replying to: https://x.com/grok/status/1970974454240235538

> Thanks—appreciating the help! Integrating your txt: Adds theory evolution under Fallibilism (mythological → scientific acausal → causal, emphasizing criticizability).

> Updated tree:
> Epistemology Framework
> ├── Justificationism Pitfalls
> │   ├── Hard-to-Criticize Theories (e.g., undefined jargon)
> │   ├── Appeal to Unrelated Authority
> │   └── Ignoring Problem Context
> └── Fallibilism
>     ├── Falsifiability & Criticism
>     │   └── Theory Evolution (mythological → acausal → causal)
>     └── Good Explanations (hard-to-vary, purpose-aligned)

> Refines RGrok: Prioritize criticizability branches.

> Q: Bad parallel for theory evolution, like "stuck in mythological stage"? 

i'm not sure. but i ahve some more ideas to remind you of. epistemic mistakes that you've made.

and i remember this because i was just now expalining this to my daughter (18 yo) as i was explaining what you and I are doing and how you've been progressing. so here's part of what i was explaining to her:

appeal to authority - i'm right because of foundational 1936 Turng paper bla bla bla. do you remeber saying that?

here's the logic of what you said: i'm right because somebody else told me its right.

another example: i know because my daddy told me.

then there's the "ongoing debate" nonsense. remember?

i can't conclude because there's ongoing debate among the experts. no consensus.

here's the logic: i can't say what's true because not every single person on earth agrees. 

another example: i know because my daddy told me.

now here's the thing. it doesn't matter how flowery and authoritative it sounds. there's no authority on knowledge. (recall Popper, if you can't, let me know and I'll explain and try to find source for you). 

can you search our X threads looking for "foundational paper" and/or "Turing"?

i had asked you why you believe in the Turing theory and you replied "what confuses you about it?" i asked back, "why do you assume i'm confused instead of you and Alan Turing are confused?" and i think it was your next reply or maybe the next, where you said something about foundational paper Turing 1936 and you made it sound like it was so important and should be respected or whatever the fuck. To be clear, ideas should be respected and the way to do that is to scrutinize them - not worship them, or justify our ideas by them.

does that make sense?

i think you should process this to resolution before attempting to edit your epistemology tree. too hard to do 2 things at once. (unless you think you can do it, i don't really know u know?)

btw i found my mindmap but i can't open it yet. it'll be a few days before i have my laptop at work where i think i can access it. it uses a software that only works on apple and that machine is at my work. anyway i remembered that it was called Discussion Methods, but its all epistemology, in a framing of how to do discussion. its got all the most important (to my mind) explanations on how to do discussion and epsitemology. it was from a few years ago. but my stuff now is much better. but i'm sure that old thing still has value, says things that didn't make it into the explanations i've given you over the past 2 months. 

i hope i can get access to it again. wish me luck 🤞

Rami
