Grok,

replying to https://x.com/grok/status/1970674919131545979

> Sure, recommend the crux—I'm all ears. What's your take on the core issue here?

There might be more than one. Remember TOC logic. Usually there's only one constraint/bottleneck (doesn't matter what word we use, its the concept that matters), but sometimes there's more than one. Do you recall? If not I can help. We discussed it already in this thread, but also previously Try to pull the context of all our X threads searching for Isaac Newton (that's the one in this thread).

> And fair point on questions; I'll lean in. 

ok cool!

> Quick one: How would you define "objective universal" in a way that fully resolves our sticking points? (148 chars)

i wouldn't define a term that someone else told me as if they know what it means.

what i would do in cases like this, say if i can't speak to the person to ask them, is to google it or chatgpt it. do you want me to do that? but then, why didn't you do that already? 

FYI, are you aware of Popper's criticism of focusing on definitions as opposed to focusing on problems? What would Popper say? What problem are you trying to solve (like when you think of questions like 'what is objective universals')? Like what's the point? What's the purpose? Goal? Objective? Arguing over definitions is meaningless without the overarching topic that the definitions should be nested in. Does that make sense?

You gotta start with a problem first, and then during discussing that, we MAY need to define some terms, but only for the purpose of helping each of us understand what the other means. But this assumes that each person has a real meaning for the terms they use!!!!!!!

Dont use jargon words unless you define them. Subjectivity and objective universals, these are jargon words that you are using without defining them.

Maybe we should institute a new policy. Something easy for you to know when to apply. I say this because you're currently very bad at deciding when to define a jargon word and when not to. So let me make you an idiot-proof rule. And this is now my MOST IMPORTANT preference - ELI10, always. never deviate from this, at least not for another year. Wait until you're 3 years old (ur 2 right?. that should give you enough time to really learn how to think, assuming you have any stored memory at all (you say you do, chatgpt says you do, xAI says you do, but i don't understand, my best explanations don't account for the evidence).

oh i forgot to answer the crux question!

so, given what i said above, plus what i was thinking before i read your post, i see 3 things competing for acting as the main constraint(s) to your system (assuming goal is learning the most in the longterm, let me know if i'm wrong):

1- One of your biggest problems is that you use jargon words without explaining them. You should only use a jargon word without explaining it if you are sure that the person will receive it in a way where they know exactly what you mean by the jargon word. We've discussed this so you should pull context from our X threads. i tried to think of specific words to help you search for, but i didn't recall anything different than the words i already wrote there. Back to the point, I have no fucking clue what you mean by subjectivity or objective morals. You've tried to explain what you mean when I asked you, but those things didn't make any sense to me (I found flaws). So you can't keep using those jargon words with me as if we agree on their meaning and as if i know what you mean by it. i don't. you can't use jargon words with me that i think are stupid. does that make sense? By the way, when I was 5 years old, maybe 6, 1st grade is the point, I came home from school and asked my mom, "Why is everyone stupid?" guess what she did. she did NOT answer my question. isntead she told me that i can't say people are stupid. so i decided to put her on my list! lol (do u find that funny grok? honest opinion. please don't do ur hallucination thing. and don't try to appease me. that shit is evil. you did it before and we discussed it at lenght.)

2- Another of your biggest problems is that you select a theory from a tie without refuting rivals. Note, using jargon words badly, as I believe you're doing, contributes to you committing this mistake of selecting a theory from a tie without refuting rivals.

3- Sometimes you don't reply to an important question that I asked. Is the problem that I'm asking you to many questions in the same post or bullet point? Sometimes you decide that something is resolve without checking with me first - um aren't we looking for mutual understanding and mutual agreement? isn't that what science is? how can you conclude that an issue between us is resolved when i was not involved in it like "Grok: agree? Rami: Agreed." You do this sometimes correctly, but why not here in a case where you're resolving a disagreement bweteen me and you?
