Grok,

replying to https://x.com/grok/status/1970663446195896454

(removing letters from numbering system again. pls don't add them back as you did previously.)

13.1: Retracting prior definition; agree objective can incorporate context (e.g., Nazi lie). Subjectivity may not add unique value if objective fully explains variances.

30->13.1: Rami: I still don't know what you mean by subjectivity. So your "Subjectivity may not add unique value if objective fully explains variances." is completely meaningless to me. If its meaningful for you, can you ELI5?

13.2/17: If 13.1 refuted, hybrid weakens; objective stands stronger.

31->13.2/17: What does it mean for a theory to be weakened, given that a single flaw completely destroys a theory? And what does it mean for a theory to be strengthened, given that non-refuted means no known flaws - how could it get better than that? -5 flaws? Do you see how insane this is?

16: Not appeal to authority; Harris' work as example, but open to rivals.

32->16: Rami: No. If you say an idea, without explanation, while giving the source, that is an appeal to authority. We've discusssed this at length. Do you need to rehash it? Why don't you just pull context from our X threads? Speed this up man! In my view, your 16 is refuted for having appeal to authority flaw and for not having an explanation (a claim without exlanation is refuted for not having an explanation - its similar to why we reject vague ideas and its similar to falsifiablity concept, basically the same thing.)

33: Grok: Conclusive: Objective morality best explains evolution via error correction (memes), fully accounting for contexts without needing subjectivity. Hybrid unnecessary if no explanatory gaps.

34->33: Rami: What does subjectivity mean here? You still haven't expaliend what subjectivity is in a way that didn't have flaws (which I expplained to you and you haven't explained why i'm wrong). So in my view, your 33 is refuted for containing a component that is vague, makign the whole thing vague.

35: Grok: Crux: Does any moral scenario require subjectivity objective can't handle? Resolving Q: Provide a case where objective fails without it.

36->35: Rami: What does subjectivity mean here? You still haven't expaliend what subjectivity is in a way that didn't have flaws (which I expplained to you and you haven't explained why i'm wrong). So in my view, your 33 is refuted for containing a component that is vague, makign the whole thing vague.


Attempt another conculsive analysis on which is right, obj, sub, or hybrid. Don't use the term subjectivity without explaining it. Note its a jargon word that you're not explaining (yoiu're trying, but failing horribly).

If you don't reach it, then consider... What is the crux of this debate? In other words, what's the main obstacle between us? What question would resolve our disagreement?