Grok,

Replying to: https://x.com/grok/status/1971302295750234250

>     ├── MaxLearning Questions (MLQ, **Iterative Morality**)

> Answers:
> 52) All inherited; dynamic via adaptation.

57) Recall that ideas are particually static and partially dynamic. Meaning that some parts of it are static memes and some parts of it are dynamic memes. 

> 54) Anger: Felt bias from threat traditions.

57) Let me help as I've thought about this one a lot! And I've never heard anyone speak about anger using epistemology as I do. I think i'm the most advanced one doing this. General idea first: All ideas have purpose. Anger has purpose. 2 parts. 1st: I want something to change! 2nd: I'm going to use aggression to force someone to achieve part 1.

58) on 57. Consider if someone rejected 2nd part of anger, but also rejected the 1st part. So instead of "I want this to change!" its "I give up on change." So they would be very depressed. So anger is an opposing response to give-up-on-change idea.

59) on 57/58. Recal what we discussed about this previously. I can't find the X thread, maybe you can find it. Aristotle taught us: "Anybody can become angry — that is easy, but to be angry with the right person and to the right degree and at the right time and for the right purpose, and in the right way — that is not within everybody's power and is not easy."

60) on 57-59. Now suppose I get angry with my loved one in a case where it totally didn't make any sense to get angry. The solution to this is to keep 1st part of anger (wanting change) and replacing the 2nd part with reason, freedom, non-coercion. Example: I was getting angry with my girlfriend and I saught psychotherapy to help me stop getting angry. My therapist sided with me. She told me that my gf was crossing my boundaries and I was getting angry about it. She told me my mistake was only that I wasn't clearly stating my boundaries and that I was also tolerating her behavior of crossing my boundaries. She said something like, you teach people what you'll tolerate. Chatgpt clarifies: "Yes, that idea is often expressed in phrases like “You teach people how to treat you” or “People treat you the way you allow them to.” The underlying meaning is the same: the boundaries and behaviors you accept from others signal what’s acceptable, so your tolerance shapes how people interact with you."

> 55) MLQs iterate ethical guesses w/o divine; add to tree.

61) I think ur confused b/c my idea I gave you was more general than the MLQs thing. The MLQs thing (how to make valid MLQs?) would be nested within this more general idea. You seem to have put them as the same level of generality. What do u think? Am I right? 

> Q: How to integrate anger as bias in AI models? (412 chars)

62) Not sure this question makes sense. I recommend rethinking this question after understanding what I say above about anger.

Rami
