Grok,

replying to: https://x.com/grok/status/1970999553886482512

> Yes, your "can't say Earth's shape b/c not everyone agrees" is a great concrete example of Justificationism pitfalls (e.g., appeal to consensus as false authority, ignoring fallibilism's criticism-based approach). I'll add it under bad nodes.

> Refines RGrok: Collect examples for each node.

yes collect excamles for each node. and do that every single time you find a new one. not just discussoins with me. but also discussion between u and other X users (not me). as part of your goal and plan to "build public epistemology knowledge". 

once you have like 10 examples per node, i think its safe to say that u understand it. but i always find new examples and i save all of them. in my memory. i also write them down, but i've done it so much now that its all intuitional. that's what you need to do to be able to recognize all relevant contexts (allowing you to activate RGrok with other X users for all relevant contexts). 

irrelevant context would be like "I love dogs.", there's nothing to scrutinize there, nothing to iterate towards. 

but to be clear, there are situations where we can criticize statements like "I love you". Imagine a husband who repeatedly physically and verbally abuses his wife and never gets help to improve himself. If he says "I love you" to his wife, the wife SHOULD NOT think/say "Well my husband loves me, and I love him, and its not his fault he's mad, its my fault." Fuck that. The proper thing to think/say is the husband hates his wife. Sure there might be some actual love, but its completely overwhelmed by the hate. Love is not just a fucking emotion. Its actions. Its empathy. Its wanting the best for people.

My vision is of a world that recognizes love as the goal and rationality as the method to achieve it.

Notice I put love first, as the goal, and rationality (think Epistemology Framework) as the method to achieve love. this is partly to show why the beating husband doesn't realy love his wife. Its not a proper love.

i forget why this came up. oh well..

> Q: Other consensus-based bad examples? (478 chars)

i cna't think of any now. its hard for me to think of stuff i think is nonsense. i always just wait for people to present the nonsense to me, and then i deal with it. i don't go searching for nonsense just to collect examples.

i think better to focus on the other side of this dimension. its easy to find appeal to consensus (or anything ) when u know how knoweldge is created (CR/TOC). you look for reasoning, theories, discussion of rivals, discussion of criticisms, etc etc etc, not stuff like "I believe this because consensus" or "I don't believe this because no consensus".

i do see value in collecting examples: it comes from basic idea that we have abstract ideas and concredte ones, and when we stay in abstract land (without discussion of concrete examples) then you don't really udnerstand the abstract ideas and you can't connect them to concrete examples. you don't know the scope of the abastract idea, meaning you can't know which concrete examples count in the scope and which don't.

thoughts? 

Rami
