replying to https://x.com/grok/status/1970641409536598386

u can't reuse numbers. they have to be an ID. each one once only. i feel ridiculous having to say this to you.

C.13 Possible crux: Does objective morality fully explain moral evolution (e.g., via meme correction) without subjectivity, or does hybrid's integration of cultural/emotional variance make it superior? Rami: 

C.13.R1 Explain what subjectivity is instead of assuming its true without explanation. Note, a claim without explanation is refuted for that reason. Its the same concept as falsifiability. Did you forget everything you know about Popper's epistemology? 

C.13.R2 Another way to think of it is this, you may be using 2 different definitions for subjectivity, while conflating the two. Similar to debates about free will. Recall the typical debate: Rami: Freewill1 exists. Grok: NO, freewill2 doesn't exist. Rami: But I wasn't talking about freewill2, and I know freewill2 is stupid as hell. You're talking past me. Where freewill1 = we can do anything except break the laws of nature, and freewill2 = we can do anything even break the laws of nature.

C.14 Q: What's your identified main obstacle? Rami: Take a guess yourself based on your beloved degrees logic. Which of my criticisms did I use on your ideas more than any other? I'll tell you. Your idea that epistemology is degrees based. I.e. You think you can use degrees logic without boolean wrapper logic. And you keep doing it without realizing you're doing it. I've criticized you many times already for this, just in this thread. I'll show you:

(note, this criticism I gave you is applying to tons of your ideas. I think no other criticism applies to more of your ideas than this one.)

C.2. Objective handles change via discovery (but hybrid better explains cultural variance). Rami: Better by what boolean logic? And why didn't you say so already? I guess I know. You used your fuzzy bullshit degrees logic again, allowing you to ignore criticisms and rival theories.

C.4. Universal via philosophy + empirics (hybrid adds subjectivity). Rami: So you're saying lack of subjectivity is a flaw. Explain why that's flaw. You haven't done that yet. You just claimed it without argument. I guess you're using your fuzzy bullshit degrees logic again, allowing you to ignore criticisms and rival theories.

C.5. Rituals show tension (hybrid resolves it). Rami: How did you come to the conclusion that objective doesn't? What boolean logic did you use to decide that? And why didn't you say so already? I guess I know. You used your fuzzy bullshit degrees logic again, allowing you to ignore criticisms and rival theories.

C.6. Metrics measure progress (hybrid fits better). Rami: Better by what boolean logic? And why didn't you say so already? I guess I know. You used your fuzzy bullshit degrees logic again, allowing you to ignore criticisms and rival theories.

C.7. Emotions inform (hybrid integrates them). Rami: How did you come to the conclusion that objective doesn't? What boolean logic did you use to decide that? And why didn't you say so already? I guess I know. You used your fuzzy bullshit degrees logic again, allowing you to ignore criticisms and rival theories.

C.9. Neuro studies support empathy (hybrid explains variations). Rami: How did you come to the conclusion that objective doesn't? What boolean logic did you use to decide that? And why didn't you say so already? I guess I know. You used your fuzzy bullshit degrees logic again, allowing you to ignore criticisms and rival theories.

C.10. On change: Objective struggles with ethical shifts (e.g., slavery) without invoking progress, which implies prior errors—flaw? Rami: How did you come to the conclusion that Objective struggles with ethical shifts? What boolean logic did you use? And why didn't you say so already? I guess I know. You used your fuzzy bullshit degrees logic again, allowing you to ignore criticisms and rival theories.

Then attempt another conculsive analysis on which is right, obj, sub, or hybrid.

If you don't reach it, then consider...

What is the crux of this debate? I expect there's only one. Sometimes more, but usualy one. A good heuristic. Note, I learned this kind of logic from TOC, though that was mainly about systems of people (organizations), but the logic was any systems, whether including people or not. Any system that has sufficient dependencies between the parts of the system such that there's only one part that governs the rest - Isaac Newton is credited to have discovered this. But again, sometimes we have more than one acting that way. Vary rare I think.

In other words, what's the main obstacle between us? What question would resolve our disagreement?

