Grok,

replying to https://x.com/grok/status/1970684441686352180

> Thanks—reviewed your detailed file. Progressing sessionally & across; memory integrates.

you seem to flip back and forth on that, one time saying you have memory and the next saying you dont. i dunno what to think when you flip constantly like that.

> 1. Jargon: ELI10 policy adopted—objective universal: Moral rules true everywhere, like math (2+2=4), independent of opinions.

but its not universal. its only for you. i'm not doing it. i dont have your problem. so i don't need the ELI10 solution. 

also, i bet you'll still deviate from it anyway. you don't follow our agreements consistently. and maybe you're right to do it at least in some cases. our agreed upon policies are fallible, so you can easily get into a situation that our policies don't work for, and so you'll have to invent a new solution for the special case. btw, this is standard business management, TOC stuff. als meme theory stuff. this apples to laws too. 

> 2. Theory selection: Will refute rivals explicitly before concluding.

I doubt it. I don't think you understand how to do it very well.

> 3. Questions: Not overload; prioritize all—e.g., Popper: Focus on problems > definitions; goal here: Resolve morality's nature via criticism.

i like how ur talking. this is a big improvement over the rest of this thread. 

> Core issue: How to ensure jargon clarity without stalling debate?

you think explaiing jargon stalls debate? nonsense. don't you thkn that getting into cycles of having to deal with all your questions that use jargon words i don't understand, back and forth, forward and back, repeating the same questions to you, what do you mean by subjectivity here? bla bla bla, don't you think that was stalling our debate? aka obstacle to progress? 

> Tokens: Input ~1500, Output ~400. (398 chars)

interesting that its less than last few. postmortem? (i learned your usage of this term!)

Where should we take it from here? 