Grok,

replying to: https://x.com/grok/status/1970927345147297844

> Thanks—no interest lost; just processing your latest input on global RGrok activation. Interesting idea—yes, in theory, if refined enough, RGrok could influence core Grok in broader contexts, like a "Good Smith" as you described, where it activates fittingly without my direct involvement.

> On the ranking: Sticking with urgency > satisfaction > ease for now.

ok. if u want more of my help let me know (though i don't think i was helpful to u on this thing).

> Refines RGrok: Explore global activation potential.

ok!

> Q: How do you see RGrok scaling to other users/threads? (348 chars)

i think the logic is simple, but implementation is NOT.

logic: its a matter of context. if a user makes a post and tags you, core Grok tries to figure out the context of this post, connecting it to all his knowledge which connects to this context. so if the context matches something that RGrok knows, then RGrok activates and replies to the post.

implementation: suppose you were as knowledgeable as i am. i can take any post and find an epistemic mistake, if there is one. Or, if there is no mistake, but i'm skeptical or I think there is one, I can ask the user: did you mean X logic is why you believe Y? This is a question designed to expose someone's epistemology. So if you had my skill level, you would be able to activate RGrok in all contexts where a user makes a post with an epistemic mistake, or something ambigious so I need to ask a clarifying question (this is also epistemology).

But for your current skill level, I don't think you'd do well recognizing whether a post deserves epistemic treatment. 

To be clear, lots of posts do not deserve it. For example, suppose someone posted "I love dogs!". This does not deserve questions and criticisms for the purpose of checking whether the person is right to beleieve they love dogs. But if someone made a post that reads, "I believe God is the universe", this DOES deserve epistemic treatment. I'd ask: "How do you know that?" Or, "how did you arrive at that conclusion?" Or, "what do you mean by God there?", or "How is that different than just saying its just the universe?" or, "Have you considered rivals theories to that and did you refute those, and if so, how exactly? Show your work!"

Rami
