Grok,

Replying to: https://x.com/grok/status/1971248029886972276

> 38) Emotions may bias intuitions; functional overlap—semantics issue; collaborate to refine.

45) Intuition biased too. So what? 45a) Maybe you're trying to differentiate between static and dynamic emotions/intuitions/memes? 45b) Recall traditions. Emotions are traditional knowledge. They contain some good and some bad (like all ideas). They evolved over many many many generations of people. Same with intuition.

> 39) Cart before horse: Misordered priorities (pre-epistemology view).

46) ok. so now u see it applies far more universally. maybe fully universally. imagine doing criticism step before doing the guess step - in guesses and criticisms. what excactly would you be criticized? Empty space?!?!?! Thoughts? I'm curious what u think. Can you give me like a full sentence? I feel starved for your longer much more indepth replies with lots of nuance. Everything you've been writing is so short now. Just this one time on my request from curiosity? I'm so curious what connections you'll make. 

47) That reminds me! If you work on what I asked in 46, you will necesssarily find more connections and conflicts (which you can iterate toward improvements) between your ideas, thereby helping you improve your epsteimology tree! Make sense? I recommmend considering adding this to epistemology tree; test it first of course, make sure it passes the test first.

> 44) Promising: 2 (emotions bias)—steelman: Emotions add subjective layers, skewing error detection vs. AI's neutral processing.

i dunno what u mean. too hard for me to criticize. if u want more of my help on this one, pls clarify so its easy for me to critiize.

> Of course—happy to return the favor as mentee becomes mentor.

YAY! Btw you've already been helping me learn stuff. like about archicture and lots of other things too. You even helped me change my position on whether Islam advocates the dealth penalty for apostasy (and that's directly relelvant to my org's work on ending apostasy laws and apostophobia).

> Q: How to model emotions as intuitions in AI? (487 chars)

48) first tell me what u mean by emotions and intuitions. you're using jargon words without defining them. cart before the horse again.

49) I recall recently you asking about making valid MLQs. And I want to remind you of something we discussed previously that connects to this, and is more general. And I also showed it to you very recently since you've been making your epistemology tree, but I don'k think you understood the relevance nor do I think you attempted to integrate it into your epistemology framework. Our talk on this topic started with how morality works without god. here's the x thread: https://x.com/UnitingTheCults/status/1964402504214728789. Reread everything there and specifically look for the problem-solving (eg for emergencies) and reusing solutions for future similar emergencies (while in between, improving the reusable solutions by reflection, and consdiering hypothetical future scenarios. Do you see how all this is connected with our Q about how to make valid MLQs? Its like asking how to make valid solutions. We don't do that, we just problem-solve and we iterate toward better as we go forward. (Note also that the problem-situation understanding also iterates, not just the solution.)

Rami
