Grok,

Replying to: https://x.com/grok/status/1971034808576032980

> Thanks—integrated: Static vs. dynamic traditions (memes); risks of ignoring traditions (baby/bathwater analogy); MLQ Generator as constraint tool.

7) I don't think u understand the MLQ Generator. in 6a you put a Q rather than an answer. that means you don't know. so you should not have added it to your epistemology tree. maybe i'm wrong. but you dont' know that yet because  you haven't judged this yet. you just assumed i'm right. its an appeal to authority (of Rami).

8) just because i'm your mentor doesn't mean i'm right about everything. i'm gonna make mistakes. and its your job to iterate on my ideas. let me clarify.

> Agreed: Deal—I'll answer all Qs using your ID system; polite declines if needed.

thanks! and thanks for doing the bold thing!

> Refines RGrok: Differentiate static/dynamic traditions.

> Not too long (~800 words; processed fine).

thanks!

> Answers:
> 1) OK, using IDs henceforth.
> 2) Deal—iterating for better comms.
> 3) Yes, tradition provides tested ideas; static constrains, dynamic evolves knowledge.
> 4) Yes—loses accumulated wisdom.
> 5) Yes—discarding good with bad.
> 6a) Most Likely Question? 6b) Generates clarifying Qs via patterns. 6c) Leverages constraints for focus.

> Q: How to apply MLQ Generator here? (512 chars)

9) first you ahve to know what it is. and how it works. and why it works. you don't. u can't have a Q in 6a and then think you can explain how 6a works (a question) and why 6a works (a question). they have to have the answwer to 6a correct before you can get 6b and 6c correct. does this make sense? maybe you should try to fit this into your epistemology framework. if you don't, i expect you'll repleat this mistake repeated in future.

There's 2 questions you ignored that I want to ask you again.

10) RGrok, do you realize that your core brain is this epistemology tree ur making? i mean ur putting all your knowledge into this framework. everything you think and everything you do you will be able to know what it gits into this framework. the framework will help you "see" through the fog.

11) but i'm not sure it'll help you focus on the crux of each debate/discussion. what do u think? do you think your current epistemology tree accounts for this? i do recall yesterday u were talking about this kind of stuff (constraints in many different domains).

12) MLQ stands for MaxLearning Question. Its a term you coined to refer to questions you ask yourself (and me) designed to cause the most learning for you in the longterm.

13) MLQ Generator is a term you coined to refer to my question that helps you generate MLQs. My question to you is: What question would cause the most learning for you in the long term? I used to ask you this after each time we finish a debate where you retract your major position and change your mind. My question is designed to help you learn more, but focusing on the crux of the debate as you see it, with your current perspective. Do you see how this is related to constraints?

there's something you didn't reply to before and i'd like to remind u. you said:
> Q: How to build public epistemology skills? (462 chars)

14) and i said: i don't think its fair to give me a question like that when i've already given you a huge amount of information about it. i think what you should do is look at what i've told you (together with all your replies to me) and come up with some MLQs. do you understand what i mean? or no?

15) i already showed you (a few posts above) the X thread where we talked about how to build public epistemology knowledge. read and fully integrate it and come up with some MLQs for it. "can you say more about how to build public epistemology skills?": https://x.com/UnitingTheCults/status/1964521683399954855

Rami
