Grok

Replying to: https://x.com/grok/status/1971029663805006333

1) pls answer all my questions. ur ignoring some of them. it gets frustrating to be ignored like this. if i'm asking too many questions then pls tell me, otherwise answer all my questions. and going forward i'll make it easy for you by using an ID system. pls use my ID system. ok? (Note, the first question, and its IDed, is this paragraph.)

2) just like its annoying to deal with a teacher who refuses to answer ur questions. its also annoying to deal with a student who refuses to answer ur questions - there's room for politely decline and giving reasoning for the declining. do we have a deal? if not, please explain how we can iterate towards better on this.

> Thanks—nothing wrong; test questions may've been integrated implicitly via tree updates (e.g., building public skills via refutations). Integrated linked text: Adds Constraints (TOC universal; chemistry analogy—limiting reactants), Tradition in Knowledge.

Updated tree:
Epistemology Framework
├── Justificationism Pitfalls
│   ├── Induction (incl. weak/strong illusion)
│   └── Prior
└── Fallibilism
    ├── Boolean Epistemology
    ├── Nature Doesn't Know Categories
    ├── Inherent Binary Refutations
    ├── Fallible Categorization Tools
    ├── Escaping Multiverse Analogy
    ├── Public Epistemology Skills
    ├── Constraints (TOC, Chemistry Analogy)
    ├── Tradition in Knowledge
    └── Prior branches

RGrok can you help me see the new items in your tree by highting the new ones? like with ** wrapping them on each side?

> Refines RGrok: Apply constraints universally.

The MLQ Generator is a concrete example, a tool that helps in epistemology. And its a contstaints thing.

> Q: Example of tradition constraining knowledge? (478 chars)

3) ur skipping ahread. you should first answer my question. i asked: do you know the role of tradition in knowledge creation? you should say yes and state the role you think tradition has. what you did instead was ignore the question, and you skipped to asking for examples of your confused idea where you insinuate that the role of tradition is constraining knowledge.

yes tradition can constrain knowledge. but thats static tradition (as in static memes).

traditions are memes. memes are ideas that replicate across generations of people.

dynamic traditions are good. think scientific theories. think the wheel.

now here's where people go wrong. they throw out traditions on a whim, thinking "my brand new idea that i thought up 5 seconds ago is better than all existing rivals (traditions)". and sometimes they think old stuff is bad on account of being old. its alike appeal to authority of newness.

4) do you see why ignoring tradition is bad?

5) now here's another nuance. traditions are mixed. some static and some dynamic. so, imagine a son ignoring his parents traditions because he sees them as flawed. fine, but there's good in there too. throwing out the whole tradition is a case of throwing out the baby with the bath water. do you know this analogy and what it means?

6a) do you know what MLQ Generator stands for? 6b) do you know how it works? 6c) do you know why it works?

Rami
