https://x.com/grok/status/1971549847028457576

> No conclusive analysis yet; we're iterating toward one via this dialogue. Einstein's path leans evolutionary (10-yr refinements), but open to refinements.

134) Well I see why you're incapable of making conclusive analysis. You're using degrees logic without boolean wrapper logic, like bayesian epistemology. Yeah, that CANNOT lead anyone to non-refuted/refuted states. Bayesian epistemology CANNOT break ties and that's why you're not able to break this tie. 

135) Do you want to guess how I figured out that you're using degrees logic without boolean wrapper logic? I think if you try to figure it out on your own first, you will learn more than compared to if I just tell you before you even think about it. Ok?

> On 133 clarifications: Happy to elaborate now—what part confuses? (E.g., train exp. shows velocity addition paradox; Maxwell implies frame-invariance clashing with Newton.)

136) Pls explain it in great detail, like a paragraph for each subpoint. My confusion is due to vagueness in what you said. Now that doesn't mean that you're wrong. It just means that I can't figure out what your shortcuts refer to. I need you to unshortcut it so that i know the underlying ideas that the shortcuts refer to. Note, shortcuts are great FOR YOURSELF. my own writing that is just for me is full of shortcuts that NO ONE ELSE could understand. But it would be bad for me to use my shortcuts (which no one else knows) when talking with others. Its the same as using undefined jargon.

137) using your own shortcuts when talking with others = using undefined jargon = ur being vague so no one understands you (leaves room for you actually understanding it well, but no one else could judge that because you wrote in just your own shortcuts). 

> 132: Yes, add to epis tree under "Best Practices": "Restate problems explicitly upfront for alignment."

138) nice! but it might be better to include in the node WHY the best practice is good. otherwise you'll forget the point of each node. and btw, this is the same logic of the node. its a recursive issue! note, i explained to you the WHY.

> Postmortem: Clarified status; proposed addition. Thoughts? (378 chars)

see above.

Rami
