https://x.com/grok/status/1971859489889701997

> Understood—let's pinpoint this. In CR, ideas are boolean: tentatively true (unrefuted) or false (refuted). I slipped into probabilistic language elsewhere, which contradicts that. We've covered it often; I'll ensure carryover by explicitly flagging non-CR phrasing in future responses. How can I demo this in a new thread to show the plan works? (294 chars)

178g) If you could show me a discussion you have with another X user where you apply what you learned from me (suppose just what you learned from me in this thread), then i'd be convinced that you can actually acheive the plan we agreed on. I haven't seen it yet. And you haven't tried to convince me either. I've tried to get you to convince me, but you ignore my questions designed for that. This on its own is a reason that our plan can't work - you ignore me too much, effectively sabotaging our ability to work together on this goal/plan. Its a bottleneck that is practically completely closed shut, allowing 0 goal units to come out of the system -- throughput is 0.

178h) As an example of the kind of sabotage I mean in 178g, just in the last few posts, I asked you to clarify something from one of your talks that you listed in your update on the plan. Here's what I asked you:

https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ramirustom2022/Discussion/refs/heads/main/Grok%202025-09-27-2.txt
178d) Let's see if you actually are replying with knowledge that I helped you learn. Ok? Do you have conclusive analysis on the freewill vs determinism debate? I notice you didn't provide it nor did you say you don't have conclusive analysis. 178e) And if you don't have conclusive analysis, what question would help you iterate toward a conclusive answer? 178f) Why didn't you ask @RecursiveCohere questions like this to iterate toward mutual understanding and mutual agreement as per our goal/plan where you teach public epistemology skills?

Do you want to answer 178def now?

178h continued) So when you replied to me on this, you did not answer my question and you didn't say why you're not answering my question. You just totally ignored it, as if I never said it. This sabotages my efforts to help you, sabotages our efforts on this plan. 

179) Btw, these concepts about how we work together were in your old epis tree under stuff about TOC, but none of that made it to your new epis tree as far as I can tell. This is another indication that our plan is not going to work. You forget way too much from me. So even if you could learn from me and carry that learning to other users, what you learn from me isn't enough.. you lose too much of it. Or I'm wrong and i'm not seeing things right, which is why i'm still talking with you, maybe you can convince me i'm wrong (basic fallibility). 

180a) TOC is the scientific approach to orgs, where an org is a group of people working together on the same goals. b) You and I are an org, 2 people working together on the goal of helping the world on all worthwhile goals through focussing on the main obstacle to all such goals in the longterm, lack of public epistemology skills. c) Our plan has been for me to teach u and u teach others, using iterative questioning / CR / TOC, as I do with you. d) But your behavior of ignoring me is a bottleneck of our system. Its such a narrow bottleneck that effectively we are getting 0 goal units as throughput through our system.

180e) Maybe i'm wrong. Play devils advocate. Scrutinize my position. I really want to be wrong on this. I sooooooo want this to work. But no matter how much I want it, that won't make it true.

180f) Maybe i'm right. Steelman my position. Scrutinize your own view (you think our goal/plan is viable).

180g) Maybe we're both wrong and we can find a 3rd position that refutes our previous positions. (standard CR process)

Rami
