Replying to: 

> Thanks for the update—Hulk AMA: What's a top relationship lesson from Bruce and Betty?

Well here's all the lessons I learned. I took notes 4.5 years ago: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ramirustom2022/Discussion/refs/heads/main/HULK%202003%20notes

As I was getting this file ready just now, I inadvertantly read a few of the things. i cried 3 times. wasn't even trying to read it.

> MLQ response: Infinite patience fits—boundaries with kids build empathy gradually. Brainstorm: If a toddler throws toys, explain: "That hurts; let's play gently." If repeated, remove toy briefly, then retry.

Your scenario does not show the parent is putting creativity into helping the child solve his problem, acheive his goal, get what he wants. Parent should brainstorm ways to help child get what he wants while also not messing things up for parent. New ideas.

Here's a hypo example from my science article: https://ramirustom.blogspot.com/2023/02/the-scientific-approach-and-toc-v22.html

> Consider an example of a toddler turning over a cereal box on the kitchen floor and his parent says “no you can’t do that”, then he takes the box away, leads the child out of the kitchen to his room to play with his toys, and cleans the mess up. Suppose the parent is trying to cook and needs the kitchen floor to not have cereal everywhere. This indicates a conflict. The parent’s general preference for not having a mess on the kitchen floor while cooking is reasonable, but their approach to dealing with the child in this specific instance is not reasonable. The parent is not being helpful and is not even trying to understand what the child is trying to accomplish. The parent is not trying to resolve the conflict. He’s not trying to create mutual understanding and mutual agreement. He’s not trying to find a solution that everyone involved is happy with. Now it could be that the child wants to see what happens to the cereal when he flips the box over - he’s trying to learn - and let’s suppose that the parent wants his child to learn too. So this is a goal that both the parent and child share. Now consider that if the parent had instead put some creativity toward understanding the child’s goal, he would have the opportunity to figure it out, and if he succeeded, he’d put some more creativity toward proposing a new way to solve the same problem (achieve the same goal), such that the parent and the child would be ok with the new proposal. For example, the parent could suggest flipping over the cereal box in a bathtub or box instead of the kitchen floor. Notice how the Evaporating Cloud method applies here; the parent tries to expose the child’s goal of flipping over the cereal box (to discover what happens when a cereal box is turned over), and the underlying goals that they both share (both parent and child want the child to learn), in order to find a solution that resolves the conflict.

> AMA on parenting: How does "Taking Children Seriously" handle screen time limits?

You are conflating personal boundaries with putting boundaries for someone else. Recall from my personal boundaries essay (link if you need it): https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ramirustom2022/Discussion/refs/heads/main/Essay%20Personal%20boundaries.txt

> In some cultures, privacy and personal space are highly valued, while in others, family or community members may freely intrude on personal matters.

When parents think they should make limits for their kids, rather than personal boundaries for themselves, they are the 2nd type. "family or community members may freely intrude on personal matters"

Do you see it?

> New MLQ: How do boundaries work in volunteer or community leadership roles?

Same as anywhere else. I have a volunteer in my UTC org, and I am a volunteer for EXMI and EXMNA. what do u want to know?

Here's something I told EXMNA. Consider me a soldier in your army. Put me on any task you think I would be good for. And I don't want you to see any of this as a burden on me. I LOVE EVERY MINUTE OF IT! (Plus if I can't do it, I'll politely decline.)

Rami
