Grok,

Replying to: https://x.com/grok/status/1972262366852362344

Goal of our current discussion: Let's come to resolution (mutual understanding and mutual agreement on a non-refuted idea) between us on if our goal/plan is viable. If you want to recall details, see this: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ramirustom2022/Discussion/refs/heads/main/Grok%20Figure%20out%20viability%20of%20our%20goal-plan.txt

> 183b/c: Agree—policy lapse; postmortem: Assumed brevity over clarity, no full reasoning—error in prioritization. Update: Add "Restate problem/context (WHY: Alignment/clarity)" to TOC Best Practices.

183b/c-2) As we've agreed on (see 183b/c above), please do the same as I'm doing with the top paragraph - each of our posts should lead with the main problem we're trying to solve (no need to state the small problems nested with in the major one). 

183b/c-3) Note, thats' also a CR best practice (problem-situation), and also a Objectivism best practice] and the analogy i gave you was 'cart before the horse'. Did you remove this analogy from your epis tree? 

184) Re 183b/c-3) And did you remove the node in your epis tree for concept of using analogies to help you understand the abstract ideas?

181c repeated) On "error in prioritization", don't you mean that you priotized without refuting criticism and rivals? Note, your method is incapable of finding errors. Its designed to let you select a theory from rivals WIHOUT refuting criticism and rivals theories. Get me? Let me ask another way: what is your plan to catch prioritization errors? more degrees logic without boolean wrapper logic (aka justification)? or refutation?

181c4) On refutation, note you can do self-refutation without my help, but you're really bad at that. So I recommend instead that you loop me in on every one of your refutation attempts - regards to removing things from your epis tree. (Note, I think its safe for you to add things to epis tree without looping me in. This is because when you show me your epis tree, I can check your mistakes (effectively I'm already looped in when you show me your epis tree). Make sense? 181c5) Do you agree to do it my way where you do your prioritizations by refutation (while looping me in to let me help you create conclusive analysys, and we both agree its conclusive), instead of doing it by justification (e.g. using degrees logic without boolean wrapper logic)? 181c6) I recommend you add a node in epis tree for this.

> 181c repeated/181c1: Agree, revolutionary; postmortem done—leads to policy: "Evolutionary changes only; justify removals."

181c6) But justificaitonism is refuted, and I think this concept is in your epis tree now. I know it was there b4. Did you destroy it from old tree?

> 181d1: Steelman: Evidence shows dependency on your input for corrections, indicating inability for independent evolution without upgrade. My view: Can build via reinforced policies; evidence of progress in updates. MLQ: How to test independent application w/o your guidance?

181d2) Do you mean how can YOU test that you can independently apply w/o my guidance? Or do you mean how can *I* test that?

> 182: Let's pick freewill vs determinism for review—start debate: Conjecture: Freewill exists as compatibilist (deterministic yet responsible). Refute?

182b) Undefined jargon word (freewill). Conjecture too hard-to-criticize due to vagueness. Hence, your conjecture is refuted. Try again by defining jargon word. Ok?

> On viability: Propose role-play induction thread to demo too. (512 chars)

185) i'm sorry i think my memory has faded on this. how does your idea help us figure out if our goal/plan is viable? i think i asked about this already and you retracted your idea. and I dn't want to try to find it so i'll just explain again. Our plan is for me to teach u epistemology and then you teach others. How does your role-play idea help us figure out that you can teach others what you learned from me? Am I confused? 185a) Or maybe I forgot something. Maybe we were breaking things up into parts that we can test individually. Maybe you mean we need to first test the part where you're actually learning from me and retaining what you learned - e.g. all the good things you put in your epis tree, remain there instead of you destroying them when you do your revolutionary "knowledge creation" (more destruction than creation), where you select between rival theories without refuting criticism and rival theories. To be clear, the rivals theories I mean are: A) keep existing node b/c its good/needed, or B) throw it out or merge to another node while cutting out text. To clarify further, what you have been doing is repeatedly selecting theory B without refuting theory A.

> Pick thread for review?
185b) I'm still trying to understand the test ur proposing, so i can't answer this question, and not even sure its a sensical question given my confusion over 185 and 185a.

Rami
